Update tempo docs (#764)
kiali/kiali.io: content/en/docs/Configuration/p8s-jaeger-grafana/tracing/tempo.md

      url: "http://my-tempo-host:3200"
```

##### Service check URL

By default, Kiali will check the service health in the endpoint `/status/services`, but sometimes, this is exposed in a different url, which can lead to a component unreachable message: 

![component_unreachable](/images/documentation/configuration/component_unreachable.png)

> That can be changed with the `health_check_url` configuration option. 

Reviewer: "This can be changed"

Reviewer 2: I'll create a suggestion to make it quicker/easier for josune to incorporate this change:

```suggestion
This can be changed with the `health_check_url` configuration option. 
```

```yaml
spec:
  external_services:
    tracing:
      health_check_url: "http://query-frontend.tempo:3200"
```

##### Configuration for the Grafana Tempo Datasource 

> In order to correctly redirect from Kiali to the right Grafana Tempo Datasource, there are a couple of configuration options to update: 

Reviewer: I think "In order to correctly redirect Kiali to..." is better.

Reviewer 2: I'll create a suggestion to make it quicker/easier for josune to incorporate this change:

```suggestion
In order to correctly redirect Kiali to the right Grafana Tempo Datasource, there are a couple of configuration options to update: 
```

```yaml
spec:
  external_services:
    tracing:
      tempo_config:
        org_id: "1"
        datasource_uid: "a8d2ef1c-d31c-4de5-a90b-e7bc5252cd00"
```

> `org_id` is not usually needed, as it takes 1 as the default value, that is the default org id. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`org_id` is usually not needed since "1" is the default value which is also Tempo's default org id. 
```
